hello and welcome to the action Rick
today I have a mock presentation of the
Gold Line from clash of clans the game
obviously and so without further ado
let's go take a look at the function so
now I got this turn to the back you see
what I'm about to do and we just collect
these little pieces of gold I'm going to
load up some gold ingots into the
minecart then it's going to transport it
to the front where it can be collected
so I got one ingot loaded and then
second one load and then turn the crank
right here or the gear then you're going
to see the minecart to be transported to
the front so there you go you got them
dumped into the storage so that they can
be collected and put into the storages
and then you just take your other gold
pieces that you have refill the minecart
and then the process starts all over
again
so here's a quick look at the mineshaft
and then now I'm going to show you a 360
look on the details of the model get the
arm out of the way so you can see the
some of the gears and stuff so yeah
there are the gears the power it it's
more detailing and they're about the
same on both sides so it's cool and then
you got the metal part right here which
the studs make the bumps then again the
wood so to me it looks decently accurate
to the actual thing so I'm going to
close this off close off this episode I
hope you enjoyed this episode of the
action brick thank you for liking and
commenting there will be a link in the
description to some of my other clash of
clans box if you are new to the channel
welcome by the way and stay tuned for
the next video which is going to be a
tutorial on how to build the minecart
all the rest right here I'm pretty sure
you guys can pretty much figure out how
to build that besides it's your it's
your create it's your mark it's your
creativity build it the way that you
want I'm just going to give you some
tips on how to build the minecart
because that is quite a complex build
but anyways thank you for watching and
all
see you guys next time bye